you know I can't say that durianrider is
a nice guy but he might be the nicest
guy to ever make death threats against
me on the Internet um one of the
questions I've been asked sometimes with
my fellow vegans at least once paya by a
journalist some people have asked you
know like a what what if what you guys
said to each other you know since since
this thing went down like oh like as
during right or apologize to you like
what have you guys been talking about
you know had to say no we don't we don't
really talk we're not we're not really
friends you know me and during Ryder um
but I got a message from him today via
patreon he writes uh uh good to hear
from you dr. evil ! hey when is the
lawsuit starting because I've heard
nothing so far tell me it isn't true
that you took 10,000 u.s. dollars that
you got from your gullible audience to
put durianrider in prison and you did a
runner with it that would have been the
funniest [ __ ] ever made and then he has
a smiling emoji you know on some level I
wish we could resolve it that way I wish
I could say to him yeah it was all a
scam it was all a joke we should meet up
and have a laugh but at some time it
would be wonderful if durianrider had
taken any of the the ways out that I
offered him in the past in American
slang you know giving someone and out
it's just contracting giving someone a
way out Americans talked with that in
terms of avoiding a fight or reducing
conflict between people he had a great
opportunity way back when I made that
apology video to uh to freely I was a
great since you're a video I did I
managed to find time to apologize for at
that point it would have been very easy
for durianrider to say well you know
shame about all these threats of
violence and
you know denunciations and defamation
and so on but you know let's let's be
reason he could have very easily done it
at that juncture he could have done it
at many many other junctures the
journalists mentioned me at some point
apparently on his blog I haven't seen
this at some point he remarked that the
whole thing was regrettable because he
was suffering from roid rage that he
felt that the side effects the steroids
were making him behaving or he never
said that to me he's never apologized to
me and and so on uh so at several
different points he's had a way out you
know if if you want to be a mensch about
it but it reminds me of some things one
of my history professor said this year
when my his professor said Leda when you
look at the history of the Soviet Union
you can't let yourself think oh this
could have this could have worked out
this could have gone so well if only
Joseph Stalin was not Joseph Stalin or
in looking at you know the war with
Germany if only you know Adolf Hitler
was not Adolf Hitler that only the Nazis
mother Nazis you know these people were
exactly who they were the ideologies
were what they were and that's what made
history so violent so extreme and so
inflexible I always felt too I mean this
is going back about a year I always felt
during writer had plenty of ways out of
some of the crazy pseudo scientific
claims some of the weakest parts of
their diet they were selling everyone
would have embraced them if they had
just come out and said you know what we
were wrong about garlic you know what
garlic doesn't contain in your attack
you know what some of the details some
of the specific claims in the first
version of our diet book yeah you know
we took it a little too far we went a
little bit crazy with some of the rumors
circulating in the raw vegan community
and you know their own fans would have
embraced them a larger audience would
have embraced them they could have been
reasonable and warm and accepting of
criticism but that's not who durianrider
is and that's not who freely is either
it doesn't matter how many opportunities
you give them to do the right thing they
do the wrong thing again and again and
again out of a kind of sincere
megalomania and we've seen that now with
freely and this ridiculous fight with
the
so called get upset channel you know
fight over a violation of copyright you
know stealing someone else's content
would have been so easy for her to
apologize for her to be a mensch for to
take responsibility and at any stage
your audience would have supported her
you know it doesn't take much ah but
alas i'm sorry during right I it's not a
scam I wish it was I wish I really wish
I really wish I could say to durianrider
right now you know what you got me it's
a scam you and me should sit down and uh
you know drink some caffeine free tea
sometime and have a laugh but what a
joke YouTube is and have a laugh about
the future of veganism but I can't do it
and he can't do it either I'll tell you
what is a scam though PayPal PayPal is a
scam I've got a quick review of three
different international payment services
international bank transaction services
and it's all bad news I finally got the
news from a generosity so just to
mention generosity is name of the
website but the company is the same
company as IndieGoGo so generosity is
more explicitly charity oriented branch
of indy gogo they're the same company
and you get lower rates so the total
amount donated at the beginning was 6500
US dollars out of that sixty dollars
were returned so I believe just two
people lost faith in the fundraiser and
asked for a refund which of course i
granted i think one was for ten dollars
and one was for fifty dollars so the
final total was 6440 okay so obviously
i'm happy everyone had faith in the
projects for the two people who didn't
of course they got their their 50 bucks
back what have you that's fine the fees
collected by others i'm reading off the
screen here obviously don't memorize the
fees collected by generosity are over
three hundred dollars
239 dollar seventy cents plus another
twenty-five dollars etc etc this reduces
the amount i should in theory actually
receive the amount they're setting to me
drops to only 6175 dollars and thirty
cents and they finally sent that on july
the thirteenth and they predict it will
arrive by july the 20th so it has been
much much more than 15 days and i have
been talking to them to their or
customer service to their complaints
desk and there's really nothing
interesting to say about it this is the
way the internet really works this is
the way international banking
transactions work and all they can say
is if you haven't received the funds by
Wednesday the twentieth of July then
don't even bother calling them until two
weeks have passed and quite likely after
two weeks I'd have to get in touch with
them change the details maybe I'd have
to send the money to Canada and keep in
mind every time you do one of these
transactions both because you're
switching between banks and because
you're switching between currencies
you'll lose a few percentages of the
value of the money so at a minimum this
is being sent from the United States to
China we hope so I don't know what what
what do I rate generosity and IndieGoGo
on this process I don't know a 5 out of
10 6 out of 10 we'll see we'll see if
the money for cats here and once I've
got the money here can I get the money
from China to the lawyers cuz you know
Joe vegan had some real world experience
these things Joe vegan is no fool he was
the one guy saying no no no no
international finance in mainland China
is a nightmare this stuff is not as
quick or as easy as you want to believe
it is that's one of the three services
the second one only a few hundred
dollars were donated via paypal and the
reason why I don't know the exact IO
total to be quite honest is that paypal
receives the funds and separate
currencies and keeps them separate so I
kido I've got like 50 australian dollars
and fifty British pounds and fifty
Ian dollars and some US dollars so I was
actually afraid the officer I thought
the big donations would go through
paypal not through generosity but that's
the opposite of what happens so that it
doesn't add up to very much but paypal
has been 100% a complete disaster and it
will be absolutely impossible for me to
get the money out of paypal while i am
in china and the good news is it is so
little money that I'm basically just
going to note down on pencil and paper
how much that was and reach into my own
pocket and in my own mind say okay when
I spend this money I'm gonna think of
that as the money that was donated
through through paypal but uh paypal I
actually I paid a ton of money to be
able to make international calls from
China to the paypal help desk I spent a
lot of time on the phone with them and
of course email to their help desk
paypal has been a combination of in my
in my opinion corrupt and incompetent
because it is in their interest to be
incompetent to try to keep the money
within their system to refuse to let it
get out till it to refuse to let you
move it into a bank account and I have
no excuses for paypal my told them in
the final email i sent them look I've
got 10,000 subscribers on YouTube and
I'm going to tell all 10,000 them to
never use paypal or if you have to use
paypal only move in the absolute minimum
that you need to make a specific
purchase and then you know never use it
again so minimize your paypal usage
never use paypal for a fundraiser I'm
shocked I mean you know at every stage I
I certainly had low expectations of
paypal and their conduct has been lower
they have again it's either total and
competence or it's a combination of
competent in competence and corruption I
have no reason to to speculate on on the
extent to which is one of the other and
finally of course there's patreon here
in China I have still never received one
dollar from patreon patreon works with a
separate company that handles their
international financial transactions so
it's not patreon itself that would send
or fail to send the money to me
uh but that company will only send an
international transfer to China to the
People's Republic of China if you are a
citizen of China with a citizen's ID
card and a citizen's number obviously i
am not a citizen of China I'm a
foreigner I wrote to them and said look
this is impossible there are more than a
million foreign business people within
China is a huge country with a huge
market of foreign nationals doing
international banking within China how
can it be that you only allow transfers
to Chinese citizens you know I'm a
Canadian citizen inside China it must be
possible do this and I had all the
paperwork to prove my bank account and
everything else and the row back it said
nope that's how we do it if you're in
China you must be a Chinese citizen to
receive a bank transfer from our service
period so what do you rate that a zero
out of ten I don't know unbelievable uh
so of all the money that I might have
collected through donations through
patreon support and what have you
absolutely zero not even one dollar has
ever made its way to me here in China
that may change in the future that may
not uh and in terms of patreon of course
it may be that I can eventually collect
that money when I'm in Canada that's
just while I'm in China that I can't
collect that money honestly paypal is
the worst paypal i do not think i will
ever collect that money it anywhere I
don't think I can do it in Canada Omega
do in China um I don't think I could I
could get that done anywhere anyway
doesn't even bear thinking about so look
it's a shame um you know I kind of want
to make separate videos in some of these
topics if you were to ask why can't we
all just get along um sadly there are
very real very palpable answers to why
we all can't just get along um you know
it would be wonderful if people who
shared the goal of making the world a
better place of promoting veganism were
cooperating instead of threatening to go
to one another's apartments kick down
the door beat them up drag them to a
police station
it would be great if durianrider were
the sort of person who could buried the
hatchet what he is so clearly in the
wrong she was someone who could actually
apologized for falsely alleging that I'm
a sexual predator instead of making a
video that rolls in with a phony apology
10 other allegations the allegation you
know he goes right on from from his
admitting that he just invented the
notion that I was a pedophile he rolls
right into accusing me of being a wife
beater and all these other things it
would be wonderful if he could just stop
and do something positive but he can't
uh and he won't unless we force him to
stop the game won't stop until we say
stop and so again I thank you all the
people who donated money to this cause
and I can't guarantee outcomes I could
only guarantee that I'm gonna do the
right thing because it's the right thing
to do but it seems that Australia unlike
the United States unlike many other
countries it seems that the judges are
quite quite tolerant of durianrider and
his act and look you know I said in that
earlier video I think there's a 0%
chance that durian writers antics that
his defamation of these allegations
against me will impact my own divorce
case which is instead happening at a
court in France but you never know maybe
I get to that court in France and you
know when I'm walking up to the
courthouse there's the judge and he's
getting off his bicycle you know he's
got a lime-green bianchi long distance
racing bike and the judge gets off his
bike takes off his bike helmet puts on
his his judges wig turns and looks at me
and says you're that [ __ ] [ __ ] i saw on
during riders channel could it be that
the French judge who's going to rule in
my divorce case turns out to be durian
riders number one fan